The Spirit of the License

The jamp project is a collection of scripts doing various things. It is hard to
say where one bit of software ends and the other starts. Therefore, this
document has been written to clarify the spirit of the license.

The core code of jamp is released with the GNU General Public License Version 2.
The purpose of this is to encourage widespread improvement of jamp as a
universal framework/library (framebrary? Is that a nice word? Anyone?) for cross
platform scripting. If jamp is improved in some way, the world is better off if
those improvements are shared :).

However, jamp is also a way to share and run scripts that are not directly part
of the core jamp code. These scripts are viewed as their own individual bits of
software. Therefore, you are free to choose whatever license you would like for
scripts you write with the intention of running them using the jamp framebrary
(I'm just going to run with that word; try and stop me!). This is done in the
recognition that it is not possible to know all the circumstances in which
software is being written and it would be great if jamp is nevertheless a
helpful tool in all these circumstances. Further, since a script designed to run
with jamp could be made to do almost anything, it is not really possible to say
that the scope of the jamp project is so broad. So, the jamp project has no
say over what the licenses of scripts that use it should be. That said, please
do consider using a free software license for your projects that gives users
control of their software.

In short, software written for the jamp code repository is licensed with
GPL-2.0, while scripts that utilise jamp for cross platform scripting are out 
of scope for this license as they seen as separate pieces of software, not
extensions to jamp.

I hope this helps! And have fun with the jamp framebrary (ok, it's stuck now)!
:)
